Question 1: Describe the errors that occur when trying to assemble lab11.asm. Identify the cause of each error.

 When trying to assemble lab11.asm, there are 8 errors that occur. 

 [L14]The first error cites that "illegal operands for missing opcode": this is caused by  
 the call to memory location start missing the opcode the psuedo op .ORIG 

 [L16]The second error cites that "instruction appears before .ORIG": this is caused by the 
 previous error, which is the absence of the .ORIG pseudo op.

 [L17]The third error cites that "constant outside of allowed range": this is cauesd by an 
 improper PCOffset, which is corrected through the calculation of the correct offset or 
 addition of another label. 

 [L19]The fourth error cites that "illegal operands for ADD": this is caused by the addition 
 of an extra comma within the line. 

 [L30]The fifth error cites that "constant outside of allowed range": this is caused by an 
 improper PCOffset, which is correct through the calculation of the correct offset or 
 addition of another label.

 [L32]The sixth error cites that "label OUTERLOOP has already appeared": this is caused by 
 the switching of the z and p within the Br function, causing the operand to be invalid.

 [L35]The seventh error cites that "constant outside of allowed range": this is caused by an 
 improper PCOffset, which is corrected through the calculation of the correct offset or 
 addition of another label.

 [L43]The eight error cites that "no .END directive found": this is caused by the absence of 
 the .END directive at the end of the program. 


Question 2: For each label in the code, write down the corresponding memory location. 

 [Note: new labels were added]
 OUTERLOOP : x3005
 INNERLOOP : x3006
 INPUT     : x3015
 CLR5      : x3016
 INPUTR2   : x3017
 RESULT    : x3018

Question 3: Between using labels and explicit memory locations/offsets, which one makes the most sense, and why?

 Using labels makes more sense because it decreases the error associated with errors in 
 calculating PC Offset by hand, in addition to allowing the reader to understand the 
 operation performed in the case of lack of or less detailed comments.
